# Release notes 2.x

## 2.2.1
### Improvements
- Update the Onegini Android SDK to v6.04.01.

## 2.2.0
### Features
- Added a JS handler so opening the browser for registration can be controlled from the JS layer. See the [User registration](../topics/user-registration.md) topic guide for more information.
- Added support for FIDO UAF authentication. See the [FIDO authentication](../topics/user-authentication-with-fido.md) topic guide for more information.
- Allow cancelling all SDK flows that require user interaction.
- [`iOS`] Added support for the `SFSafariViewController` for registration.
- Update the Onegini Android SDK to v6.04.00.

## 2.1.1
### Improvements
- Update the Onegini Android SDK to v6.03.01.
- Improved startup performance on Android.
- Improved handling of mobile authentication request that are received while the app is running in the background.

## 2.1.0

### Features
- Location of the Configurator binary and configuration zip files can now be set using environment variables.
- You can now set a custom message in the TouchID prompt when accepting a mobile authentication request.
- `onegini.resource.fetch` now returns a more helpful error response.
- iOS authentication flows can now be cancelled.
- Authenticator objects now have added `isRegistered`, `isPreferred`, and `name` fields.
- Update the Onegini iOS SDK to version 5.01.01.

### Bug fixes

- Fixed a bug where iOS would crash if accepting a fingerprint request with `{ iosPrompt: null }`.

## 2.0.0

This new release of the Onegini Cordova Plugin features completely new API for interacting more easily and more directly with the Onegini Android an iOS SDKs.
Make sure to browse the [topic guides](../topics/introduction.md) and the [API reference](../reference/introduction.md) to see what's new. 
