# Instruction for upgrading to Onegini Cordova plugin to version 1.8.0

In the 1.8.0 version of the Cordova plugin a few things have changed. Read the paragraphs below to find out what has changed. 

## Plugin installation

We have redesigned the way that the Cordova plugin is added to your application. In the 
previous versions you needed to manually download the iOS SDK (by performing `gradle resolveDependencies`) and manually configure the Onegini SDK. These things 
are now automatically performed when you add the Onegini Cordova plugin to your application. We use Cordova hooks for this.

Because of this you must reinstall the plugin into your application. It is also no longer necessary to clone the plugin on your local machine but you can 
directly add the plugin from our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Onegini/onegini-cordova-plugin).

Please follow the installation instructions provided [here](../installation.md) or in the README.md of the 
[GitHub repository](https://github.com/Onegini/onegini-cordova-plugin) to reinstall the plugin and correctly configure it.

## Changed properties

The number of Onegini properties that you need to specify in your `config.xml` has been slimmed down. Due to the SDK configurator being invoked automatically 
you no longer need to provide the Token Server configuration the `config.xml`. Below the removed / renamed / new properties are described. See the 
[configuration chapter](../configuration.md) for detailed instructions.

### Removed properties

- `kOGAppIdentifier`
- `kOGAppScheme`
- `kOGAppVersion`
- `kOGAppBaseURL`
- `kOGResourceBaseURL`
- `kOGRedirectURL`

### Renamed properties

- `kOGgcmSenderId` => `OneginiGcmSenderId`
- `kOGUseNativePinScreen` => `OneginiNativeScreens`

### New properties

- `OneginiRootDetectionEnabled`
- `OneginiDebugDetectionEnabled`