# Instructions to upgrade to Cordova plugin version to 4.0

This chapter describes the steps to take in order to migrate from Cordova plugin 3.0 to 4.0.

## Mobile authentication

The mobile authentication configuration for the Android platform has changed. We switched from Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) to Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM).
In order to enable push mobile authentication for the Android platform in your project you must perform the steps described in the paragraphs below.

### Import your GCM project as a Firebase project

You must make sure that your Google project is imported into FCM:

1. Go to [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com).
2. Follow the instructions described in
[Import your GCM project as a Firebase project section of the GCM to FCM migration guide](https://developers.google.com/cloud-messaging/android/android-migrate-fcm#import_your_gcm_project_as_a_firebase_project).

### Remove the GCM sender id property

Due to the migration to FCM, the GCM Sender Id property (`OneginiGcmSenderId`) is no longer used and should be removed from your `config.xml`.

### Follow the setup instructions for FCM

In addition to importing your project into the FCM console you must also configure FCM in your Cordova project.
See the [push mobile authentication topic guide](../topics/mobile-authentication-push.md#setup-and-requirements) for further instructions.


## User authentication

### `onegini.user.authenticate` behaviour has changed
This function no longer returns an error when the user profile that is passed is already authenticated. Instead, the user is logged out and has to authenticate
again. If you are using this function in the assumption that it will check if the user is already authenticated, you may explicitly check this using
[`onegini.user.getAuthenticatedUserProfile`](../reference/user/getAuthenticatedUserProfile.md).

### `onegini.user.reauthenticate` has been removed
Because of the changes in `onegini.user.authenticate`, the reauthenticate function is now redundant as it would provide the same behaviour as the authenticate function.
It is therefore removed and you may instead use `ongegini.user.authenticate`.
